<br>Bayesian Statistics assessment (2024-2025)<br>Instructions <br>•    All   the   instructions   should   be   followed   and   all   questions   answered.    Please   answer   as   concisely   as   you   can,   and   do   not   include   anything   beyond   what   is   needed   to   answer   the   questions.<br>•      The   submitted   material   must   include<br>- A report of   the analysis (in any document format,   such   as   PDF   or Word), which   includes   answers to the specific questions asked.    There is no prescribed minimum   or maximum   length, however the length of   the questions will be such that they can be   answered   in   a report   of   not   more   than   1500 words.<br>- R and/or JAGS code, in a plain text format, commented where   necessary,   that runs without error and reproduces all results required to answer the questions.   The   code may be   mixed   with   the   answers, e.g. using   a   report-generating   format   such   as   R   Markdown.   If using this kind of   format, both source and compiled versions should be   submitted.<br>A fully-answered question will demonstrate that students can do all of the following:  <br>• develop a Bayesian statistical model to answer a scientific question <br>• implement and fit the model using software, including checks of convergence for MCMC algorithms <br>• summarise appropriate outputs from the fitted model <br>• check model fit, criticise and compare alternative assumptions <br>• clearly explain the scientific findings from the analysis. <br>Background A set of people are examined, once every month, for levels of an antibody which gives immunity   to an infection. We want to estimate from these data how immunity evolves in the time   period   following vaccination. The   full   dataset   is   given   in the   file antibody_data.csv, and the   variables   are:<br>•      y:   antibody   titre   level   (in   log   units/ml)<br>•    year:   years   after   vaccination<br>•    indiv:    individual   identifierThe   antibody   is   measured   with   error. We   are   unsure   how   the   level   will   change   over   time,   except   that   we   assume   that   between 1   and 13   months   after   vaccination,   the   true   antibody   level   is   a   linear   function   of time.   We   want   to   describe   this   change   with   a   linear   regression.Given   our   experience   with   studying   similar   situations,   we   woul代 写Bayesian Statistics assessment (2024-2025)SPSS
程序d   be   surprised   if the   true   level   exceeded   log(20) ≈ 3.0 log   units/ml, or   was   less   than   log(2) ≈ 0.7 log   units/ml,   within   a   rough order   of magnitude,   at   any   time.<br>Questions <br>(a)    Obtain prior distributions for the   intercept   and   slope   parameters   of the   linear   regression   model,      which   reflect   these   judgements. (There is no unique correct answer, but any reasoning used to obtain the distributions should be clearly explained.) <br>(b)    Develop   a   linear   regression   in   JAGS   that   can   be   used   to   answer   the   question,   and   fit   it   to the   subset   of the   data   restricted to   the   period   from   1   month   to   13   months   (inclusive)   after   vaccination. Present   diagnostics   to   justify   that   the   sample   you   produce   can   be   treated   as   a   sample   from   the   posterior   distribution,   and   that   it   is   suﬀiciently   large   to   give   parameter   estimates   to   an   appropriate   level   of precision.<br>(c)    Given the results of the model, describe, in precise words, how the   antibody   level   changes   over time,   including   posterior   summary   statistics   for   an   appropriate   quantity   or   quanti-ties.<br>(d)      Plot   a   suitable   summary   of   the   posterior   predictive   distribution   corresponding   to   each   data   point,   alongside   the   data,   in   a   way   that   ensures   the   points   for   each   individual   can   easily be   compared with each other.    Interpret the   result   and   explain   how   the   conclusion   drawn   in   (c)   might   be   affected.<br>(e)      Extend   the   linear   model   in (b)   to   include   random   effects   that   represent   variations   be-   tween   people   in   the   average   antibody   level,   as   follows:<br>(i)      Write down equations representing the extended model and prior distributions. (The same priors as in    (a,b) may be used where appropriate, and vague priors, or reasonable substantive priors, may be chosen for any additional parameters needed.) <br>(ii)      Implement   it   in   JAGS   and   describe   how   the   the   average   antibody   level   varies   be-   tween   people.<br>(iii)      Using   the   same   technique   you   used   in   part (d),   show   that   it   fits   the   data   better   than   the   simple   linear   regression.<br><br><br><br><br><br><br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
